all right guys this is it I'm going to
play the last chapter from single to
then I move forward to stronger legends
I can't wait anyways let me know what do
you think would you like me to play
stronger legends my next series of let's
play or if you have any suggestions just
then there in the comment ok and now
let's move chapter pro to capture King
king is out of time out of allies and at
our mercy once the castle Falls both of
you are to fall back I will launch the
final assault
it boils down to this the church will
recognize whoever presents the corn let
us ensure it is I
my destiny is at hand the only
acceptable outcome from today's fight is
my coronation I must reach the king
before the others if the crown is to be
mine who kills the king first
well that
your marks I
you're honest rollin string
how can we help engineers at your
service
like
why I don't
we are your men
perhaps your concerns I do not
ready
location Nugent setting off now
you're loyal arches
let's ride
here's their king
our bores shall sing
we are prepared
bitch Scout assaults are yours
you need something
guys park
ride on woman mitt ready
yes saya
I mean all
just say the word we go to battle
what's the plan
our strings are waxed just give us the
target makes mops
you are my leader I'll take you all day
both of you pull back the crown is mine
do not be a fool about that did not you
are destined to halt this country
Brown okay horses just go to the king
yeah occupy
and
I will
now
I don't know I did that yes
I guess yes yeah I killed him oh my god
yes
so it's kissing my hand oh I won this is
so awesome okay so this was all about
wasn't that hard the previous chapters
were even harder but I did it and I'm
proud of myself so thank you guys for
being with me for all this time and I
hope you can stick with me for my full
wing series and I really hope you enjoy
my videos okay so don't forget to
subscribe like and favorite this video
bye
see you next time